20190410 (week 1)
Hey I'm Dario Brandt this is my log, I am originally from Germany currently on my second quarter at Pierce College, I am currently in the Military as a logistician wich is fancy word for truck driver. Married with three kids. Hobbies include computer gaming, hiking, and spending time finding new places to eat.
What I assumed technical writing was before I took the class was, I would be translating complex terms and lingo that programers or software engineers used into words that anyone could understand and follow. After my first week it my assumption aligned pretty close to what the class is about.
Setting up and using github was different at first but after following the hello world guide, which is actually technical writing made a lot of sense to me and made it pretty easy to setup and get started. The language in the guide was really easy to follow and the GIFs showing me what I should be clicking on helped me a lot. The plain language the guide used made it easy to follow it was really step-by-step, wich I appreciated. My initial feelings which was a little frustrated was cleared up once I had an account and started this log.
The audience for the Programming Historian would be someone like me, someone that likes technology, troubleshooting and learning new things it can help simplify complex programs and software into language and instructions that anyone can follow or learn themselves. The Pierce Hacker program would be for students and teachers to get class literature that are needed out their with out a premium. The open pedagogy really seems like a good idea to me college books really are expensive some are almost a quarter of a class cost. I believe they chose to use the public website for these projects so anyone with an internet connection has the opperutinty to take advantage and succeed using their sources.
So far this week has been pretty close to what I was expecting, and I feel confident and excited to be in this class as it aligned with a lot of things that interest me. What I have learned this week is that the help option was written by an actual person and not the person that developed the software or program. Make sure that I know the audience that I am writing for and put the most important information at the beginning. Getting pretty confortable playing around more on github. The most important thing I have learned this week has to be that technical writing is everywere. 

20190415 (week 2)

legos!!!! working on revising initial design by adding 6 more pieces, [[https://github.com/TTraum/repository/blob/research-log/img/legoproject.jpg|alt=lego]]
